Add Credential Offer Flow for Authorized Code Flow in the introduction (#115)
openid/OpenID4VCI: openid-4-verifiable-credential-issuance-1_0.md

* multiple Credentials of the same type/doctype bound to different proofs, or
* multiple Credentials of different types/doctypes bound to different proofs.

> In the course of the authorization process, the Credential Issuer MAY also request Credential presentation as a means to authenticate or identify the End-User during the issuance flow, as illustrated in (#use-case-5).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the course of the authorization process, the Credential Issuer MAY also request Credential presentation as a means to authenticate the End-User during the issuance flow, as illustrated in (#use-case-5).
```

I would not say "Identify", even if I fully understand the meaning, because the identification process (id proofing) is something that happens during the provisioning of a digital identity, while the issuance of a digital credential gives an verifiable instance of the digital credential

that's why I love to distinguish identification (id proofing and eid provisioning), issuance (DC provisioning) and authentication (use of the DC for getting authenticated)

Author: no hard feelings about this. wording on idenfitication/authentication is always hard. what do others think?

Author: I just copied the existing text. I think you may use credentials to authenticate even if SIOP is probably advised

Reviewer 2: > I just copied the existing text.

 I know. I would like to stick to this text.

> In the course of the authorization process, the Credential Issuer MAY also request Credential presentation as a means to authenticate or identify the End-User during the issuance flow, as illustrated in a use case in (#use-case-5).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In the course of the authorization process, the Credential Issuer MAY also request Credential presentation as a means to authenticate or identify the End-User during the issuance flow, as illustrated in (#use-case-5).
```

## Authorization Code Flow {#authorization-code-flow}

> The Authorization Code Flow uses the grant type `authorization_code` as defined in [@!RFC6749] to issue Credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Authorization Code Flow uses the grant type `authorization_code` as defined in [@!RFC6749] to issue the Access Token required to issue the Credentials at the Credential endpoint defined in this document.
```

Since the auth code flow defined RFC6749 is used to issue the Access Tokens used to protect the Credential endpoint.

or, we may say 

````
The Authorization Code Flow uses the `authorization_code` grant type, as specified in [@!RFC6749], to generate the Access Token necessary to issue the Credentials at the Credential endpoint, as outlined in this document.
````

Author: I would keep this rather short:
```suggestion
The Authorization Code Flow uses the grant type `authorization_code` as defined in [@!RFC6749] to issue Access Tokens.
```

> Figure 1 shows two options how the Credential Issuance API defined in this specification can be implemented:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Figure 1 shows two options for how the Credential Issuance API defined in this specification can be implemented:
```

> Figure 1 shows two options for how the Credential Issuance API defined in this specification can be implemented:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Figure 1 shows the two options that can be implemented for the issuance of the Credentials, defined in this specification:
```

> * a Wallet-initiated flow as described in (#use-case-4) or (#use-case-6)
> * an Issuer-initiated flow as described in (#use-case-1)
> Note that the diagram does not illustrate all the optional features of this specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Wallet-initiated flow as described in (#use-case-4) or (#use-case-6)
* Issuer-initiated flow as described in (#use-case-1)
Please note that the diagram does not illustrate all the optional features defined in this specification.
```

!---
~~~ ascii-art
+------+           +-----------+                                    +-------------------+

> | User |           |   Wallet  |                                    | Credential Issuer |
> +------+           +-----------+                                    +-------------------+  
>     |                    |                                                    |
>     | (1a) User selects  |                                                    |
>     |      Credential    |  (1b) Credential Offer (credential type)           |
>     |------------------->|<---------------------------------------------------|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| End-User |           |   Wallet  |                                    | Credential Issuer |
+------------+           +-----------+                                    +-------------------+  
    |                               |                                                                |
    | (1a) End-User       |                                                                |
    |        selects            |                                                               |
    |      Credential         |  (1b) Credential Offer (credential type) |
    |------------------->|<------------------------------------------------------- |
```

End-User is the defined term

Author: applied

    |                    |                                                    |
    |                    |  (4)   Authorization Response (code)               |
    |                    |<---------------------------------------------------|
    |                    |                                                    |
    |                    |  (5) Token Request (code)                          |
    |                    |--------------------------------------------------->|
    |                    |      Token Response (access_token)                 |
    |                    |<---------------------------------------------------|
    |                    |                                                    |
    |                    |  (6) Credential Request (access_token, proof(s))   |
    |                    |--------------------------------------------------->|
    |                    |      Credential Response                           |
    |                    |      (credential(s) OR transaction_id)             |
    |                    |<---------------------------------------------------|
~~~
!---
Figure: Issuance using Authorization Code Flow 

> (1a) The Wallet-initiated flow begins as the user requests a credential from a pre-configured list in the Wallet or as the user requires a credential for a presentation not available in his Wallet and the Wallet guides him to get a such a credential from a Credential Issuer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(1a) The Wallet-initiated flow begins as the End-User requests a Credential from a pre-configured list in the Wallet or as the End-User requires a Credential for a presentation not available in the Wallet and the Wallet gives guidance to get a such a Credential from a Credential Issuer.
```

> (1b) The Issuer-initiated flow begins as the Credential Issuer generates a Credential Offer for certain Credential(s) and communicates it to the Wallet, for example, as a QR code or as a link. The Credential Offer contains the Credential Issuer's URL and the credential type(s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(1b) The Issuer-initiated flow begins as the Credential Issuer generates a Credential Offer for certain Credential(s) and communicates it to the Wallet, for example, as a QR code or as a URI. The Credential Offer contains the Credential Issuer's URL and the Credential type(s).
```

> (2) The Wallet uses the Credential Issuer's URL to fetch its metadata as described in (#credential-issuer-metadata) to learn what credential types and formats the Credential Issuer supports and to determine the Authorization (OAuth 2.0 Authorization Server) and Credential Endpoints. This specification enables deployments where the Credential Issuer API and the Authorization Server are different services, perhaps even provided by different entities. Note in this example, the Credential Issuer also provides the OAuth 2.0 Authorization Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(2) The Wallet uses the Credential Issuer's unique identifier, in the form of HTTPs URL, to fetch the Credential Issuer metadata as described in (#credential-issuer-metadata). The metadata is required by the Wallet to learn the Credential types and formats the Credential Issuer supports; it is also required to determine the Authorization endpoint (OAuth 2.0 Authorization Server) and Credential endpoint required to start the request. This specification enables deployments where the Credential endpoint and the Authorization endpoint are provided by different entities. Please note that in this example the Credential Issuer and OAuth 2.0 Authorization Server correspond to the same entity.
```

> (3) The Wallet sends an Authorization Request to the Authorization Endpoint. The Authorization Endpoint processes the Authorization Request, which typically includes End-User authentication and gathering of End-User consent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(3) The Wallet sends an Authorization Request to the Authorization Endpoint. The Authorization Endpoint processes the Authorization Request, which typically includes the End-User authentication and the gathering of the End-User consent.
```

> Note: Steps (3) and (4) happen in the front channel, by redirecting the End-User via the User Agent. Those steps are defined in (#authorization_endpoint). The Authorization Server and the User Agent may exchange any further communication, the actual user authentication is out of scope for this specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Steps (3) and (4) happen in the front channel, by redirecting the End-User via the User Agent. Those steps are defined in (#authorization_endpoint). Since the End-User authentication is out of scope for this specification, the Authorization Server and the User Agent may exchange any further communication.
```

> (4) The Authorization Endpoint returns an Authorization Response with the Authorization Code upon successfully processing the Authorization Request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(4) The Authorization Endpoint returns the Authorization Response with the Authorization Code upon successfully processing the Authorization Request.
```

> (5) The Wallet sends a Token Request to the Token Endpoint with the Authorization Code obtained in step (4). The Token Endpoint returns an Access Token in the Token Response upon successfully validating Authorization Code. This step happens in the back-channel communication (direct communication between two systems using HTTP requests and responses without using redirects through an intermediary such as a browser). This step is defined in (#token_endpoint).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(5) The Wallet sends a Token Request to the Token Endpoint with the Authorization Code obtained in step (4). The Token Endpoint returns an Access Token in the Token Response upon successfully validating the Authorization Code. This step happens in the back-channel communication, between the Wallet and the Authorization Server. This step is defined in (#token_endpoint).
```

Author: is backchannel communication somewhere explained or self-explanatory enough?

Reviewer: good question, that's why I have removed the parenthesis but I agree with your that terms like front channel and back channel may require some introduction before entering in the descriptions of the flows

Reviewer 4: there was a request to clarify back-channel, hence this text. please keep it as-is

> (6) The Wallet sends a Credential Request to the Credential Issuer's Credential Endpoint with the Access Token and (optionally) the proof of possession of the public key to which the issued (Verifiable) Credential shall be bound to. Upon successfully validating Access Token and proof, the Credential Issuer returns a Credential in the Credential Response. This step is defined in (#credential-endpoint).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(6) The Wallet sends a Credential Request to the Credential Endpoint using the Access Token. The Access Token MAY be of type Bearer or DPoP. When the Access Token is DPoP, the public key used for the proof of possession SHALL be bound to the issued Credential. Upon successfully validating the Access Token, the Credential Issuer returns a Credential in the Credential Response. This step is defined in (#credential-endpoint).
```

We should say here which public key must be bound to the credential when the Access Token is Bearer (the one provided in the WIA?)

Author: Why do you exclude the proof? And why should we be so specific about the access token here?

> If the Credential Issuer requires more time to issue a Credential, the Credential Issuer may return a Transaction ID and a time interval to the Wallet in the Credential Response. After the specified time has passed, the Wallet may send a Deferred Credential Request with the Transaction ID to obtain a Credential, as defined in (#deferred-credential-issuance).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the Credential Issuer cannot provide the Credential directly in the response, in the cases where it requires more time, the Credential Issuer MAY return in the Credential Response a `Transaction ID` and a time interval, beyond which the Wallet MAY send a Deferred Credential Request using the `Transaction ID` to obtain the Credential, as defined in (#deferred-credential-issuance).
```

Author: @Sakurann @tlodderstedt Is section 3 more of an informative overview or shall it contain normative statements with capialized verbs, i.e. MAY or may?

Reviewer 4: i think it is ok for section 3 to contain normative MAYs

Author: I will keep the text as-is then

> If the Credential Issuer wants to issue multiple Credentials in one response, the Credential Issuer may support the Batch Credential Endpoint and the Wallet may send a Batch Credential Request to the Batch Credential Endpoint as defined in (#batch-credential-endpoint).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the Credential Issuer wants to issue multiple Credentials in one response, the Credential Issuer MAY support the Batch Credential Endpoint, in this case the Wallet SHOULD send a Batch Credential Request to the Batch Credential Endpoint as defined in (#batch-credential-endpoint).
```

Author: see above, I'm skeptical that this text is normative

Reviewer 4: as above, please do not use normative in the flow descriptions

Note: This flow is based on OAuth 2.0 and the Authorization Code Grant type, but this specification can be used with other OAuth 2.0 grant types as well.

## Pre-Authorized Code Flow {#pre-authz-code-flow}

> Figure 2 is a diagram of a Credential issuance using the Pre-Authorized Code Flow. In this flow, before initiating the flow with the Wallet, the Credential Issuer first conducts the steps required to prepare the Credential issuance, e.g., End-User authentication and authorization. Consequently, the Pre-Authorized Code is sent by the Credential Issuer to the Wallet. This flow does not use the Authorization Endpoint, and The Wallet exchanges the Pre-Authorized Code for the Access Token directly at the Token Endpoint. Access Token is then used to request Credential issuance at the Credential Endpoint. See (#use-case-2) for a use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Figure 2 is a diagram of a Credential issuance using the Pre-Authorized Code Flow. In this flow, before initiating the flow with the Wallet, the Credential Issuer first conducts the steps required to prepare the Credential issuance, e.g., End-User authentication and authorization. Consequently, the Pre-Authorized Code is sent by the Credential Issuer to the Wallet. This flow does not use the Authorization Endpoint, and The Wallet exchanges the Pre-Authorized Code for the Access Token directly at the Token Endpoint. Access Token is then used to request Credential issuance at the Credential Endpoint. See (#use-case-2).
```

How the End-User provides information required for the issuance of a requested Credential to the Credential Issuer and the business processes conducted by the Credential Issuer to prepare a Credential are out of scope of this specification.

This flow uses the newly defined OAuth 2.0 Grant Type "urn:ietf:params:oauth:grant-type:pre-authorized_code".

> The diagram is based on a Credential Issuer initiated flow illustrated in a use case in (#use-case-2) and does not illustrate all the optional features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following diagram is based on the Credential Issuer initiated flow, as illustrated in a use case in (#use-case-2). Please note that it does not illustrate all the optional features outlined in this specification.
```

!---
~~~ ascii-art
+--------------+   +-----------+                                    +-------------------+

> | User         |   |   Wallet  |                                    | Credential Issuer |

Reviewer: User -> End-User

## Authorization Code Flow {#authorization-code-flow}

The Authorization Code Flow uses the grant type `authorization_code` as defined in [@!RFC6749] to issue Access Tokens.

> Figure 1 shows the two flows that can be implemented for the issuance of the Credentials, as outlined in this specification:

Reviewer 2: I'm confused by the attempt to integrate two flows into one section, the original intend of these section was to illustrate one scenario each. Perhaps we can frame it a bit differently, in the sense of it is one flow with two different start options.

> * **Wallet-initiated variation**, described in (#use-case-4) or (#use-case-6);

Reviewer 5: That list does not format correctly in my local html build... Also, seems like other lists do not use bold style for the items, e.g. see lines 169-172

Reviewer 2: fixed
@paulbastian please build every PR locally in the future to check formatting

Author: thanks

> Figure 1 shows the two flows that can be implemented for the issuance of the Credentials, as outlined in this specification:
> * **Wallet-initiated flow**, described in (#use-case-4) or (#use-case-6);
> * **Issuer-initiated flow**, described in (#use-case-1).

Author: ```suggestion
Figure 1 shows the Authorization Code Flows with the two variations that can be implemented for the issuance of the Credentials, as outlined in this specification:
* **Wallet-initiated variation**, described in (#use-case-4) or (#use-case-6);
* **Issuer-initiated variation**, described in (#use-case-1).
```

Please note that the diagram does not illustrate all the optional features defined in this specification.

!---
~~~ ascii-art
+----------+        +-----------+                                    +-------------------+
| End-User |        |   Wallet  |                                    | Credential Issuer |
+----------+        +-----------+                                    +-------------------+
    |                     |                                                    |
    | (1a) End-User       |                                                    |

>     |  selects Credential |  (1b) Credential Offer (credential type)           |

Reviewer 4: would it be possible to say, `End-User selects Credential in the Wallet`?

Author: I don't mind. But I'd like to be sure we have agreements on the text, as the modification on the sequence diagram isn't much fun

Reviewer 4: let's keep it as-is probably.. @jogu ?

Reviewer 6: I think, given we have the detailed description of step 1a below the diagram, keeping the text in the diagram concise is fine. (i.e. Paul's current text is fine with me.)

    |-------------------->|<---------------------------------------------------|
    |                     |                                                    |
    |                     |  (2) Obtains Issuer's Credential Issuer metadata   |
    |                     |<-------------------------------------------------->|
    |                     |                                                    |
    |                     |  (3) Authorization Request                         |
    |                     |      (type(s) of Credentials to be issued)         |
    |                     |--------------------------------------------------->|
    |                     |                                                    |

>     |           User Authentication / Consent                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    |           End-User Authentication / Consent                              |
```

    |                     |                                                    |
    |                     |  (4)   Authorization Response (code)               |
    |                     |<---------------------------------------------------|
    |                     |                                                    |
    |                     |  (5) Token Request (code)                          |
    |                     |--------------------------------------------------->|
    |                     |      Token Response (access_token)                 |
    |                     |<---------------------------------------------------|
    |                     |                                                    |
    |                     |  (6) Credential Request (access_token, proof(s))   |
    |                     |--------------------------------------------------->|
    |                     |      Credential Response                           |

>     |                     |      (credential(s) OR transaction_id)             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    |                     |      (Credential(s) OR Transaction ID)             |
```

    |                     |<---------------------------------------------------|
~~~
!---
Figure: Issuance using Authorization Code Flow 

> (1a) The Wallet-initiated flow begins as the End-User requests a Credential from a pre-configured list of the Credentials ready to be issued or, in alternative, as the End-User requires a Credential not available yet in the Wallet and the Wallet gives guidance to the End-User to get the Credential from a Credential Issuer.

Reviewer 4: I am not sure how these two things are `in alternative`..? meaning, end-user is requesting a credential from a pre-configured list because it is not available in the wallet, yet, no?

Author: Technically they might be the same, from a UX perspective they are quite different in my opinion
a) the issuer starts within the wallet and chooses to request some pre-configred credentials
b) as part of OpenID4P request for a credential, the wallet tries to get one on the fly
This is also reflected by the different use case examples

Reviewer 4: ah ok, so for the second part you are trying to give an example of an issuance during presentation. how about this:
```suggestion
(1a) The Wallet-initiated flow begins as the End-User requests a Credential from a pre-configured list of the Credentials ready to be issued or, in alternative, it can be issuance during presentation, where the Wallet gives guidance to the End-User to get the Credential from a Credential Issuer based on the information received in the presentation request.
```

> (1b) The Issuer-initiated flow begins as the Credential Issuer generates a Credential Offer for certain Credential(s) and communicates it to the Wallet, for example, as a QR code or as a URI. The Credential Offer contains the Credential Issuer's URL and the Credential type(s).

Reviewer 4: Credential Offer contain much more..

```suggestion
(1b) The Issuer-initiated flow begins as the Credential Issuer generates a Credential Offer for certain Credential(s) and communicates it to the Wallet, for example, as a QR code or as a URI. The Credential Offer contains the Credential Issuer's URL and the information about the Credential being offered.
```

> (2) The Wallet uses the Credential Issuer's unique identifier, in the form of HTTPs URL, to fetch the Credential Issuer metadata as described in (#credential-issuer-metadata). The metadata is required by the Wallet to learn the Credential types and formats the Credential Issuer supports; it is also required to determine the Authorization endpoint (OAuth 2.0 Authorization Server) and Credential endpoint required to start the request. This specification enables deployments where the Credential endpoint and the Authorization endpoint are provided by different entities. Please note that in this example the Credential Issuer and OAuth 2.0 Authorization Server correspond to the same entity.

Reviewer 4: please capitalize `Endpoint` in authorization and credential endpoints.

> (2) The Wallet uses the Credential Issuer's unique identifier, in the form of HTTPs URL, to fetch the Credential Issuer metadata as described in (#credential-issuer-metadata). The metadata is required by the Wallet to learn the Credential types and formats the Credential Issuer supports; it is also required to determine the Authorization endpoint (OAuth 2.0 Authorization Server) and Credential endpoint required to start the request. This specification enables deployments where the Credential endpoint and the Authorization endpoint are provided by different entities. Please note that in this example the Credential Issuer and OAuth 2.0 Authorization Server correspond to the same entity.

Author: ```suggestion
(2) The Wallet uses the Credential Issuer's unique identifier, in the form of HTTPs URL, to fetch the Credential Issuer metadata as described in (#credential-issuer-metadata). The metadata is required by the Wallet to learn the Credential types and formats the Credential Issuer supports; it is also required to determine the Authorization Endpoint (OAuth 2.0 Authorization Server) and Credential Endpoint required to start the request. This specification enables deployments where the Credential Endpoint and the Authorization Endpoint are provided by different entities. Please note that in this example the Credential Issuer and OAuth 2.0 Authorization Server correspond to the same entity.
```

> (2) The Wallet uses the Credential Issuer's unique identifier, in the form of HTTPs URL, to fetch the Credential Issuer metadata as described in (#credential-issuer-metadata). The metadata is required by the Wallet to learn the Credential types and formats the Credential Issuer supports; it is also required to determine the Authorization Endpoint (OAuth 2.0 Authorization Server) and Credential Endpoint required to start the request. This specification enables deployments where the Credential Endpoint and the Authorization Endpoint are provided by different entities. Please note that in this example the Credential Issuer and OAuth 2.0 Authorization Server correspond to the same entity.

Reviewer 2: not sure the issuer identifier is used in any case as described here

> (2) The Wallet uses the Credential Issuer's unique identifier, in the form of HTTPs URL, to fetch the Credential Issuer metadata as described in (#credential-issuer-metadata). The metadata is required by the Wallet to learn the Credential types and formats the Credential Issuer supports; it is also required to determine the Authorization Endpoint (OAuth 2.0 Authorization Server) and Credential Endpoint required to start the request. This specification enables deployments where the Credential Endpoint and the Authorization Endpoint are provided by different entities. Please note that in this example the Credential Issuer and OAuth 2.0 Authorization Server correspond to the same entity.

Author: ```suggestion
(2) The Wallet uses the Credential Issuer's URL to fetch the Credential Issuer metadata as described in (#credential-issuer-metadata). The metadata is required by the Wallet to learn the Credential types and formats the Credential Issuer supports; it is also required to determine the Authorization Endpoint (OAuth 2.0 Authorization Server) and Credential Endpoint required to start the request. This specification enables deployments where the Credential Endpoint and the Authorization Endpoint are provided by different entities. Please note that in this example the Credential Issuer and OAuth 2.0 Authorization Server correspond to the same entity.
```

> (2) The Wallet uses the Credential Issuer's URL to fetch the Credential Issuer metadata as described in (#credential-issuer-metadata). The metadata is required by the Wallet to learn the Credential types and formats the Credential Issuer supports; it is also required to determine the Authorization Endpoint (OAuth 2.0 Authorization Server) and Credential Endpoint required to start the request. This specification enables deployments where the Credential Endpoint and the Authorization Endpoint are provided by different entities. Please note that in this example the Credential Issuer and OAuth 2.0 Authorization Server correspond to the same entity.

Reviewer 5: > I suggest to avoid "it" and use "The Wallet" instead to avoid ambiguity.

Agree. I update the suggestion.

> (3) The Wallet sends an Authorization Request to the Authorization Endpoint. The Authorization Endpoint processes the Authorization Request, which typically includes the End-User authentication and the gathering of the End-User consent.

Reviewer 2: We might want to add a note that this could be PAR followed by the redirect to the authorization endpoint.

Author: applied

> (3) The Wallet sends an Authorization Request to the Authorization Endpoint. The Authorization Endpoint processes the Authorization Request, which typically includes the End-User authentication and the gathering of the End-User consent.

Author: ```suggestion
(3) The Wallet sends an Authorization Request to the Authorization Endpoint. The Authorization Endpoint processes the Authorization Request, which typically includes the End-User authentication and the gathering of the End-User consent. The Authorization Request may be send as a Pushed Authorization Request.
```

Reviewer 2: Suggest to add a "Note:" before the PAR statement.

> (3) The Wallet sends an Authorization Request to the Authorization Endpoint. The Authorization Endpoint processes the Authorization Request, which typically includes the End-User authentication and the gathering of the End-User consent. The Authorization Request may be send as a Pushed Authorization Request.

Author: ```suggestion
(3) The Wallet sends an Authorization Request to the Authorization Endpoint. The Authorization Endpoint processes the Authorization Request, which typically includes the End-User authentication and the gathering of the End-User consent. Note: The Authorization Request may be send as a Pushed Authorization Request.
```

> Note: Steps (3) and (4) happen in the front channel, by redirecting the End-User via the User Agent. Those steps are defined in (#authorization_endpoint). Since the End-User authentication is out of scope for this specification, the Authorization Server and the User Agent may exchange any further communication if required by the End-User authentication flow.

Reviewer 5: I don't see the fact that this document does not specify End-User authentication as a reason for the Authorization Server and the User Agent exchanging further messages  ("_since_" introduces a reason). 

Actually, I'm not convinced that it's worth mentioning this note in the first place as this whole section basically profiles the authorization code flow defined in RFC 6749 that already states that End-User authentication is out of scope.

```suggestion
Note: Steps (3) and (4) happen in the front channel, by redirecting the End-User via the User Agent. Those steps are defined in (#authorization_endpoint).
```

Reviewer 2: I think it is worth mentioning as not all readers (most likely most of them) are not as familiar with OAuth as you.

Author: I agree with Torsten here

Reviewer 3: I agree with Torsten too here, I don't think it hurts to basically repeat what RFC 6749 says in this case.

(4) The Authorization Endpoint returns the Authorization Response with the Authorization Code upon successfully processing the Authorization Request.

> (5) The Wallet sends a Token Request to the Token Endpoint with the Authorization Code obtained in step (4). The Token Endpoint returns an Access Token in the Token Response upon successfully validating Authorization Code. This step happens in the back-channel communication (direct communication between two systems using HTTP requests and responses without using redirects through an intermediary such as a browser). This step is defined in (#token_endpoint).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(5) The Wallet sends a Token Request to the Token Endpoint with the Authorization Code obtained in step (4). The Token Endpoint returns an Access Token in the Token Response upon successfully validating Authorization Code. This step happens in the back-channel communication (direct communication between two systems using HTTP requests and responses without using redirects through an intermediate such as a browser). This step is defined in (#token_endpoint).
```

Author: @jogu What do you say as a native speaker?

Reviewer 6: "intermediary" is correct in this context. Just please don't ask me to explain why :-)

> (5) The Wallet sends a Token Request to the Token Endpoint with the Authorization Code obtained in step (4). The Token Endpoint returns an Access Token in the Token Response upon successfully validating Authorization Code. This step happens in the back-channel communication (direct communication between two systems using HTTP requests and responses without using redirects through an intermediary such as a browser). This step is defined in (#token_endpoint).

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
(5) The Wallet sends a Token Request to the Token Endpoint with the Authorization Code obtained in step (4). The Token Endpoint returns an Access Token in the Token Response upon successfully validating the Authorization Code. This step happens in the back-channel communication (direct communication between two systems using HTTP requests and responses without using redirects through an intermediary such as a browser). This step is defined in (#token_endpoint).
```

> (6) The Wallet sends a Credential Request to the Credential Issuer's Credential Endpoint with the Access Token and (optionally) the proof of possession of the public key to which the issued (Verifiable) Credential shall be bound to. Upon successfully validating Access Token and proof, the Credential Issuer returns a Credential in the Credential Response. This step is defined in (#credential-endpoint).

Reviewer 4: why `(Verifiable) Credential`?
also probably good to paraphrase `shall be bound to` to `will be bound to` or something. `shall` seems to trigger those who are familiar with ISO..

Author: to my observation we mostly speak about Credentials instead of Verifiable Crednetial, so I would stick with `Credential`

> (6) The Wallet sends a Credential Request to the Credential Issuer's Credential Endpoint with the Access Token and (optionally) the proof of possession of the public key to which the issued (Verifiable) Credential shall be bound to. Upon successfully validating Access Token and proof, the Credential Issuer returns a Credential in the Credential Response. This step is defined in (#credential-endpoint).

Author: ```suggestion
(6) The Wallet sends a Credential Request to the Credential Issuer's Credential Endpoint with the Access Token and (optionally) the proof of possession of the public key to which the issued Credential will be bound to. Upon successfully validating Access Token and proof, the Credential Issuer returns a Credential in the Credential Response. This step is defined in (#credential-endpoint).
```

> (6) The Wallet sends a Credential Request to the Credential Issuer's Credential Endpoint with the Access Token and (optionally) the proof of possession of the public key to which the issued Credential will be bound to. Upon successfully validating Access Token and proof, the Credential Issuer returns a Credential in the Credential Response. This step is defined in (#credential-endpoint).

Reviewer 5: The "proof of possession" is a proof provided by the Wallet that it (or the Credential Holder) controls a **private key** of a key pair. I prefer active voice and "should" over "will".

```suggestion
(6) The Wallet sends a Credential Request to the Credential Issuer's Credential Endpoint with the Access Token and (optionally) the proof of possession of the private key of a key pair to which the Credential Issuer should bind the issued Credential to. Upon successfully validating Access Token and proof, the Credential Issuer returns a Credential in the Credential Response. This step is defined in (#credential-endpoint).
```

> If the Credential Issuer requires more time to issue a Credential, the Credential Issuer may return a Transaction ID and a time interval to the Wallet in the Credential Response. After the specified time has passed, the Wallet may send a Deferred Credential Request with the Transaction ID to obtain a Credential, as defined in (#deferred-credential-issuance).

Reviewer 5: I think, it is self-evident that the Credential Response is returned to the Wallet. Adapted language slightly to clarify that the Wallet takes the next action.

```suggestion
If the Credential Issuer requires more time to issue a Credential, the Credential Issuer may return a Transaction ID and a time interval in the Credential Response. The Wallet may send a Deferred Credential Request with the Transaction ID to obtain a Credential after the specified time interval has passed, as defined in (#deferred-credential-issuance).
```

> If the Credential Issuer wants to issue multiple Credentials in one response, the Credential Issuer may support the Batch Credential Endpoint and the Wallet may send a Batch Credential Request to the Batch Credential Endpoint as defined in (#batch-credential-endpoint).

Author: ```suggestion
If the Credential Issuer wants to issue multiple Credentials in one response, the Credential Issuer may support the Batch Credential Endpoint. In this case the Wallet may send a Batch Credential Request to the Batch Credential Endpoint, as defined in (#batch-credential-endpoint).
```

Note: This flow is based on OAuth 2.0 and the Authorization Code Grant type, but this specification can be used with other OAuth 2.0 grant types as well.

## Pre-Authorized Code Flow {#pre-authz-code-flow}

> Figure 2 is a diagram of a Credential issuance using the Pre-Authorized Code Flow. In this flow, before initiating the flow with the Wallet, the Credential Issuer first conducts the steps required to prepare the Credential issuance, e.g., End-User authentication and authorization. Consequently, the Pre-Authorized Code is sent by the Credential Issuer to the Wallet. This flow does not use the Authorization Endpoint, and The Wallet exchanges the Pre-Authorized Code for the Access Token directly at the Token Endpoint. Access Token is then used to request Credential issuance at the Credential Endpoint. An use case is described in (#use-case-2).

Author: ```suggestion
Figure 2 is a diagram of a Credential issuance using the Pre-Authorized Code Flow. In this flow, before initiating the flow with the Wallet, the Credential Issuer first conducts the steps required to prepare the Credential issuance, e.g., End-User authentication and authorization. Consequently, the Pre-Authorized Code is sent by the Credential Issuer to the Wallet. This flow does not use the Authorization Endpoint, and The Wallet exchanges the Pre-Authorized Code for the Access Token directly at the Token Endpoint. Access Token is then used to request Credential issuance at the Credential Endpoint. A use case is described in (#use-case-2).
```

> Figure 2 is a diagram of a Credential issuance using the Pre-Authorized Code Flow. In this flow, before initiating the flow with the Wallet, the Credential Issuer first conducts the steps required to prepare the Credential issuance, e.g., End-User authentication and authorization. Consequently, the Pre-Authorized Code is sent by the Credential Issuer to the Wallet. This flow does not use the Authorization Endpoint, and The Wallet exchanges the Pre-Authorized Code for the Access Token directly at the Token Endpoint. Access Token is then used to request Credential issuance at the Credential Endpoint. A use case is described in (#use-case-2).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Figure 2 is a diagram of a Credential issuance using the Pre-Authorized Code Flow. In this flow, before initiating the flow with the Wallet, the Credential Issuer first conducts the steps required to prepare the Credential issuance, e.g., End-User authentication and authorization. Consequently, the Pre-Authorized Code is sent by the Credential Issuer to the Wallet. This flow does not use the Authorization Endpoint, and the Wallet exchanges the Pre-Authorized Code for the Access Token directly at the Token Endpoint. Access Token is then used to request Credential issuance at the Credential Endpoint. A use case is described in (#use-case-2).
```

> Figure 2 is a diagram of a Credential issuance using the Pre-Authorized Code Flow. In this flow, before initiating the flow with the Wallet, the Credential Issuer first conducts the steps required to prepare the Credential issuance, e.g., End-User authentication and authorization. Consequently, the Pre-Authorized Code is sent by the Credential Issuer to the Wallet. This flow does not use the Authorization Endpoint, and the Wallet exchanges the Pre-Authorized Code for the Access Token directly at the Token Endpoint. Access Token is then used to request Credential issuance at the Credential Endpoint. A use case is described in (#use-case-2).

Reviewer 5: I personally prefer active voice over passive.

```suggestion
Figure 2 is a diagram of a Credential issuance using the Pre-Authorized Code Flow. In this flow, before initiating the flow with the Wallet, the Credential Issuer first conducts the steps required to prepare the Credential issuance, e.g., End-User authentication and authorization. Consequently, the Pre-Authorized Code is sent by the Credential Issuer to the Wallet. This flow does not use the Authorization Endpoint, and the Wallet exchanges the Pre-Authorized Code for the Access Token directly at the Token Endpoint. Access Token is then used to request Credential issuance at the Credential Endpoint. See (#use-case-2) for the description of a use case.
```

(1) The Credential Issuer successfully obtains consent and End-User data required for the issuance of a requested Credential from the End-User using Issuer-specific business process.

> (2) The flow defined in this specification begins as the Credential Issuer generates a Credential Offer for certain Credential(s) and communicates it to the Wallet, for example, as a QR code or as a link. The Credential Offer contains the Credential Issuer's URL, the credential type(s) and the pre-authorized code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(2) The flow defined in this specification begins as the Credential Issuer generates a Credential Offer for certain Credential(s) and communicates it to the Wallet, for example, as a QR code or as a URI. The Credential Offer contains the Credential Issuer's URL, the credential type(s) and the pre-authorized code.
```

(3) The Wallet uses the Credential Issuer's URL to fetch its metadata as described in (#credential-issuer-metadata) to obtain information on the offered credential types and formats and to determine the Authorization (OAuth 2.0 Authorization Server) and Credential Endpoints.

> (4) The Wallet sends the Pre-Authorized Code obtained in step (2) in the Token Request to the Token Endpoint. The Wallet will send a User PIN provided by the User, if it was required by the Credential Issuer. This step is defined in (#token_endpoint).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(4) The Wallet sends the Pre-Authorized Code obtained in step (2) in the Token Request to the Token Endpoint. When a User PIN is required by the Credential Issuer, the Wallet MUST send that User PIN provided by the End-User. This step is defined in (#token_endpoint).
```

sometimes we have ` Pre-Authorized Code` othertime we use `pre-authorized code`. We should align this term according the defined one

Author: I think Pre-Authorized Code is correct

Author: I'm ok with suggestions, leaving this open until we decided to capitalize verbs in this section

Reviewer: Ok, probably we should open an issue to require an editorial revision of this term in the entire document and resolve this comment for now

Reviewer 4: user PIN should be replaced with `transaction token` based on another PR.
and yes, it's `Pre-Authorized Code`

Author: I will keep User-PIN here  for consistency and fix it within a merge request afterwards, depending on which PR is merged first

(5) This step is the same as Step 5 in the Authorization Code Flow.

It is important to note that anyone who possesses a valid Pre-Authorized Code, without further security measures, would be able to receive a VC from the Credential Issuer. Implementers MUST implement mitigations most suitable to the use case.

> One such mechanism defined in this specification is the usage of the User PIN. The Credential Issuer indicates the usage of User PIN in the Credential Offer and sends the User PIN to the End-User via a second channel different than the issuance flow. After the End-User provides the User PIN, his wallet sends the User PIN within the Token Request and the Authorization Server can verify the User PIN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One such mechanism defined in this specification is the usage of the User PIN. The Credential Issuer indicates the usage of User PIN in the Credential Offer and sends the User PIN to the End-User via a second channel different than the issuance flow. After the End-User provides the User PIN, the Wallet sends the User PIN within the Token Request and the Authorization Server verifies the User PIN.
```

(1) The Credential Issuer successfully obtains consent and End-User data required for the issuance of a requested Credential from the End-User using Issuer-specific business process.

> (2) The flow defined in this specification begins as the Credential Issuer generates a Credential Offer for certain Credential(s) and communicates it to the Wallet, for example, as a QR code or as a URI. The Credential Offer contains the Credential Issuer's URL, the Credential type(s) and the pre-authorized code.

Author: ```suggestion
(2) The flow defined in this specification begins as the Credential Issuer generates a Credential Offer for certain Credential(s) and communicates it to the Wallet, for example, as a QR code or as a URI. The Credential Offer contains the Credential Issuer's URL, the Credential type(s) and the Pre-Authorized Code.
```

> (2) The flow defined in this specification begins as the Credential Issuer generates a Credential Offer for certain Credential(s) and communicates it to the Wallet, for example, as a QR code or as a URI. The Credential Offer contains the Credential Issuer's URL, the Credential type(s) and the Pre-Authorized Code.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
(2) The flow defined in this specification begins as the Credential Issuer generates a Credential Offer for certain Credential(s) and communicates it to the Wallet, for example, as a QR code or as a URI. The Credential Offer contains the Credential Issuer's URL, the information about the Credential(s) being offered and the Pre-Authorized Code.
```

> (2) The flow defined in this specification begins as the Credential Issuer generates a Credential Offer for certain Credential(s) and communicates it to the Wallet, for example, as a QR code or as a URI. The Credential Offer contains the Credential Issuer's URL, the information about the Credential(s) being offered and the Pre-Authorized Code.

Reviewer 2: add reference to the related spec section?

> (2) The flow defined in this specification begins as the Credential Issuer generates a Credential Offer for certain Credential(s) and communicates it to the Wallet, for example, as a QR code or as a URI. The Credential Offer contains the Credential Issuer's URL, the information about the Credential(s) being offered and the Pre-Authorized Code.

Author: ```suggestion
(2) The flow defined in this specification begins as the Credential Issuer generates a Credential Offer for certain Credential(s) and communicates it to the Wallet, for example, as a QR code or as a URI. The Credential Offer contains the Credential Issuer's URL, the information about the Credential(s) being offered and the Pre-Authorized Code. This step is defined in (#credential_offer).
```

> (3) The Wallet uses the Credential Issuer's URL to fetch its metadata as described in (#credential-issuer-metadata) to obtain information on the offered credential types and formats and to determine the Authorization (OAuth 2.0 Authorization Server) and Credential Endpoints.

Reviewer 5: Adapt language to the one used to describe the Authorization Code Flow

```suggestion
(3) The Wallet uses the Credential Issuer's URL to fetch its metadata as described in (#credential-issuer-metadata). It needs the metadata to learn the Credential types and formats that the Credential Issuer supports, and to determine the Authorization Endpoint (OAuth 2.0 Authorization Server) as well as Credential Endpoint required to start the request.
```

> (4) The Wallet sends the Pre-Authorized Code obtained in step (2) in the Token Request to the Token Endpoint. The Wallet will send a User PIN provided by the User, if it was required by the Credential Issuer. This step is defined in (#token_endpoint).

Author: ```suggestion
(4) The Wallet sends the Pre-Authorized Code obtained in step (2) in the Token Request to the Token Endpoint. When a User PIN is required by the Credential Issuer, the Wallet sends the User PIN provided by the End-User. This step is defined in (#token_endpoint).
```

> (4) The Wallet sends the Pre-Authorized Code obtained in step (2) in the Token Request to the Token Endpoint. When a User PIN is required by the Credential Issuer, the Wallet sends the User PIN provided by the End-User. This step is defined in (#token_endpoint).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
(4) The Wallet sends the Pre-Authorized Code obtained in step (2) in the Token Request to the Token Endpoint. If a User PIN is required by the Credential Issuer, the Wallet sends the User PIN provided by the End-User. This step is defined in (#token_endpoint).
```

> (4) The Wallet sends the Pre-Authorized Code obtained in step (2) in the Token Request to the Token Endpoint. When a User PIN is required by the Credential Issuer, the Wallet sends the User PIN provided by the End-User. This step is defined in (#token_endpoint).

Reviewer 2: might want to add a note that the way the PIN is determind/exchanged is out of scope for the spec.

Author: Details to the UserPIN/now Transaction Code are two paragraphs further down

(5) This step is the same as Step 5 in the Authorization Code Flow.

It is important to note that anyone who possesses a valid Pre-Authorized Code, without further security measures, would be able to receive a VC from the Credential Issuer. Implementers MUST implement mitigations most suitable to the use case.

> One such mechanism defined in this specification is the usage of the User PIN. The Credential Issuer indicates the usage of User PIN in the Credential Offer and sends the User PIN to the End-User via a second channel different than the issuance flow. After the End-User provides the User PIN, the Wallet sends the User PIN within the Token Request and the Authorization Server verifies the User PIN.

Reviewer 4: User PIN should be updated per another PR #95

Author: I will keep User-PIN here for consistency and fix it within a merge request afterwards, depending on which PR is merged first

> One such mechanism defined in this specification is the usage of Transaction Codes. The Credential Issuer indicates the usage of Transaction Codes in the Credential Offer and sends the Transaction Code to the End-User via a second channel different than the issuance flow. After the End-User provides the Transaction Code, the Wallet sends the Transaction Code within the Token Request and the Authorization Server verifies the Transaction Code.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
One such mechanism defined in this specification is the usage of Transaction Codes. The Credential Issuer indicates the usage of Transaction Codes in the Credential Offer and sends the Transaction Code to the End-User via a second channel different than the issuance flow. After the End-User provides the Transaction Code, the Wallet sends the Transaction Code within the Token Request, and the Authorization Server verifies the Transaction Code.
```

(1) The Credential Issuer successfully obtains consent and End-User data required for the issuance of a requested Credential from the End-User using Issuer-specific business process.

(2) The flow defined in this specification begins as the Credential Issuer generates a Credential Offer for certain Credential(s) and communicates it to the Wallet, for example, as a QR code or as a URI. The Credential Offer contains the Credential Issuer's URL, the information about the Credential(s) being offered and the Pre-Authorized Code. This step is defined in (#credential_offer).

> (3) The Wallet uses the Credential Issuer's URL to fetch its metadata as described in (#credential-issuer-metadata). It needs the metadata to learn the Credential types and formats that the Credential Issuer supports, and to determine the Authorization Endpoint (OAuth 2.0 Authorization Server) as well as Credential Endpoint required to start the request.

Author: ```suggestion
(3) The Wallet uses the Credential Issuer's URL to fetch its metadata as described in (#credential-issuer-metadata). The Wallet needs the metadata to learn the Credential types and formats that the Credential Issuer supports, and to determine the Authorization Endpoint (OAuth 2.0 Authorization Server) as well as Credential Endpoint required to start the request.
```

The Authorization Endpoint is used in the same manner as defined in [@!RFC6749], taking into account the recommendations given in [@!I-D.ietf-oauth-security-topics].

> With grant type `authorization_code`, it is RECOMMENDED to use PKCE as defined in [@!RFC7636] to prevent authorization code interception attacks and Pushed Authorization Requests [@RFC9126] to ensure integrity and authenticity of the authorization request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the grant type set to `authorization_code`, it is RECOMMENDED to use PKCE as defined in [@!RFC7636] and Pushed Authorization Requests as defined in [@RFC9126]. PKCE prevents the authorization code interception attacks, while the Pushed Authorization Requests ensures the integrity and authenticity of the authorization request.
```

The Authorization Endpoint is used in the same manner as defined in [@!RFC6749], taking into account the recommendations given in [@!I-D.ietf-oauth-security-topics].

> When the grant type `authorization_code` is used, it is RECOMMENDED to use PKCE as defined in [@!RFC7636] and Pushed Authorization Requests as defined in [@RFC9126]. PKCE prevents the authorization code interception attacks, the Pushed Authorization Requests ensures the integrity and authenticity of the authorization request.

Reviewer 4: I think this section belongs in authorization code flow section, not pre-auth code flow section

Author: good catch, copy pasta error

Author: I was wrong, its in the correct place, but I moved it from Section 3 to the beginning of Section 5.

The Authorization Endpoint is used in the same manner as defined in [@!RFC6749], taking into account the recommendations given in [@!I-D.ietf-oauth-security-topics].

> When the grant type `authorization_code` is used, it is RECOMMENDED to use PKCE as defined in [@!RFC7636] and Pushed Authorization Requests as defined in [@RFC9126]. PKCE prevents the authorization code interception attacks, the Pushed Authorization Requests ensures the integrity and authenticity of the authorization request.

Reviewer 5: Remove definite article.

```suggestion
When the grant type `authorization_code` is used, it is RECOMMENDED to use PKCE as defined in [@!RFC7636] and Pushed Authorization Requests as defined in [@RFC9126]. PKCE prevents authorization code interception attacks. Pushed Authorization Requests ensure the integrity and authenticity of the authorization request.
```

### Dynamic Credential Request

> This step is OPTIONAL. After receiving an Authorization Request from the Client, the Credential Issuer MAY use this step to obtain additional Credentials from the End-User required to proceed with the authorization of the credential issuance. The Credential Issuer MAY obtain a Credential and utilize it to identify the End-User before issuing an additional credential. For a use case, see (#use-case-5).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This step is OPTIONAL. After receiving an Authorization Request from the Client, the Credential Issuer MAY use this step to obtain additional Credentials from the End-User required to proceed with the authorization of the Credential issuance. The Credential Issuer MAY obtain a Credential and utilize it to identify the End-User before issuing an additional Credential. For a use case, see (#use-case-5).
```

## Credential Offer - Cross-Device (with Information Pre-Submitted by the End-User) {#use-case-2}

The End-User is starting a job at a new employer. An employer has requested the End-User to upload certain documents to the employee portal. A few days later, the End-User receives an email from the employer notifying her that the employee Credential is ready and asking her to scan a QR code to retrieve it. The End-User scans the QR code with her smartphone, which opens her Wallet. Meanwhile, the End-User has received a text message with a PIN code to her smartphone. After entering that PIN code in the Wallet for security reasons, the End-User confirms the Credential issuance, and receives Credential into the Wallet.

## Credential Offer - Cross-Device & Deferred {#use-case-3}

The End-User wants to obtain a digital criminal record. She visits the local administration's office and requests the issuance of the official criminal record as a digital Credential. After presenting her ID document, she is asked to scan a QR code with her Wallet. She is being told that the actual issuance of the Credential will take some time due to necessary background checks by the authority. 

> In the Wallet, the End-User sees an indication that issuance of the digital record is under way. A few days later, the End-User receives a notification from her Wallet that requested Credential was successfully issued. When the End-User opens the Wallet, she is asked whether she wants to download the Credential. She confirms, and the new Credential is retrieved and stored in the Wallet.

Reviewer: in relation to he/she

may we use gender neutral terms?

## Wallet Initiated Issuance during Presentation {#use-case-4}

> An End-User comes across a verifier app that is requesting the End-User to present a Credential, e.g., a driving license. The Wallet determines the requested Credential type(s) from the presentation request and notifies the End-User that there is currently no matching Credential in the Wallet. The Wallet selects a Credential Issuer capable of issuing the lacking Credential and, upon End-User consent, sends the End-User to the Credential Issuer's End-User experience (Web site or app). Upon being authenticated and providing consent to issue the Credential into her Wallet, the End-User is sent back to the Wallet. The Wallet informs the End-User that Credential was successfully issued into the Wallet and is ready to be presented to the verifier app that originally requested presentation of that Credential.

Reviewer: is the `verifier app ` a defined term? It seems not, do we have something to inform the reader about this?

The End-User logs in to the university, which determines that the respective End-User account is not verified yet. Among multiple identification options, the End-User chooses to present a Credential from her Wallet. The End-User is sent back to the Wallet where she consents to present requested Credential(s) to the university. The End-User is sent back to the university End-User experience. Based on the presented Credential, the university completes the End-User verification, looks up End-User data in its database, and offers to issue a diploma as a Verifiable Credential. 

Upon providing consent, the End-User is sent back to the Wallet. The Wallet informs the End-User Credential was successfully issued into the Wallet and is ready to be presented to the verifier app that originally requested presentation of that Credential.

## Wallet Initiated Issuance after Installation {#use-case-6}

> The End-User installs a new government-provided Wallet. To get things started, the Wallet offers a selection of Credentials, that the the End-User may obtain, e.g. a national identity credential, a mobile driving license or a public transport ticket. The corresponding Credential Issuers (and their URLs) are pre-configured by the Wallet Provider. By clicking on one these options, the Issuance process starts and the End-User is directed to the Credential Issuer's website for authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The End-User installs a new Wallet and executes it for its configuration in an operational state. Then the Wallet offers to the End-User a selection of the Credentials the End-User may obtain, e.g. a national identity credential, a mobile driving license or a public transport ticket. The corresponding Credential Issuers (and their URLs) are pre-configured by the Wallet or follow some discovery processes that are out of scope for this specification. By clicking on one these options corresponding to the Credentials available for the issuance, the Issuance process starts with the flows supported by the Credential Issuer (pre-authorized code flow or auth code flow).
```

there may be cases where the discovery of gov credentials and gov credential issuers may be provided by commercial wallets and not just by gov ones.

Wallet Provider is not a defined term (yet)

Author: I'm ok with the suggestions but
- "and executes it for its configuration in an operational state" sounds very werid
- capitalize (pre-authorized code flow or auth code flow)

Reviewer: yes. Comment updated

> Wallet Providers may also provide a market place where Issuers can register to be found for Wallet-initiated flows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I would say: out of scope for this specs as well

Author: its out-of-scope, but anything in the use cases is informative

Reviewer: I don't have a strong opinion on that, so feel free to resolve this comment.
Just a warning: Wallet Providers are not defined term, we do not have any knowledge of this entity in this document

The End-User logs in to the university, which determines that the respective End-User account is not verified yet. Among multiple identification options, the End-User chooses to present a Credential from her Wallet. The End-User is sent back to the Wallet where she consents to present requested Credential(s) to the university. The End-User is sent back to the university End-User experience. Based on the presented Credential, the university completes the End-User verification, looks up End-User data in its database, and offers to issue a diploma as a Verifiable Credential. 

Upon providing consent, the End-User is sent back to the Wallet. The Wallet informs the End-User Credential was successfully issued into the Wallet and is ready to be presented to the verifier app that originally requested presentation of that Credential.

## Wallet Initiated Issuance after Installation {#use-case-6}

> The End-User installs a new Wallet and executes it. The Wallet offers to the End-User a selection of the Credentials the End-User may obtain, e.g. a national identity credential, a mobile driving license or a public transport ticket. The corresponding Credential Issuers (and their URLs) are pre-configured by the Wallet or follow some discovery processes that are out of scope for this specification. By clicking on one these options corresponding to the Credentials available for the issuance, the Issuance process starts with the flows supported by the Credential Issuer (Pre-Authorized Code flow or Auth Code flow).

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
The End-User installs a new Wallet and executes it. The Wallet offers the End-User a selection of the Credentials that the End-User may obtain from a Credential Issuer, e.g. a national identity credential, a mobile driving license or a public transport ticket. The corresponding Credential Issuers (and their URLs) are pre-configured by the Wallet or follow some discovery processes that are out of scope for this specification. By clicking on one these options corresponding to the Credentials available for the issuance, the Issuance process starts with the flows supported by the Credential Issuer (Pre-Authorized Code flow or Auth Code flow).
```

> The End-User installs a new Wallet and executes it. The Wallet offers to the End-User a selection of the Credentials the End-User may obtain, e.g. a national identity credential, a mobile driving license or a public transport ticket. The corresponding Credential Issuers (and their URLs) are pre-configured by the Wallet or follow some discovery processes that are out of scope for this specification. By clicking on one these options corresponding to the Credentials available for the issuance, the Issuance process starts with the flows supported by the Credential Issuer (Pre-Authorized Code flow or Auth Code flow).

Reviewer 5: I wonder, does the clicking really result in several flows? The current wording suggests that: "the [...] process starts with the flows [...]".
